all right so here's $50 of Awesomeness I
just bought because I'm cool like that
all I need to do is put the clutch back
together it looks kind of complicated
I'm not going to lie it's a 125 forward
and then reverse I'm going to try to
find a way to rig this so that there's
no gears it's just forward I don't know
if I could do that probably not I highly
doubt it but whatever I'll try it
has good brakes that's for sure
hydraulic and then the chain all of this
for 50 bucks
and the engine runs to it just like I
said the clutch I go on the sprocket
right there
little shock ease seems pretty cool for
50 bucks oh dude you can't beat it
that's 50 bucks I ever spent
has direct need tighten the we're gonna
take the front rack so off because I
might leave this on I might do something
like might cut that off I don't know but
my little summer project now dude I
can't believe this I got this for 50
bucks that's awesome thanks mom and dad
for giving in letting me get it sized
fits me
be me
yep good shot little 125 better we're
gonna rip this thing I hope my brother
will help me work on this at least tell
me how the clutch goes good
I honestly have no idea what
has the light classically it's tightened
I guess yeah
well I gotta go cuz it's gonna storm cuz
God is mad at me or someone oh it's a
hand must hand ma not a Honda a hand ma
what is there any wow that was weird
like it's raining God is really mad at
me
alright I gotta get this show on the
road so bye oh wait is my daddy's way
down there he could see him in the white
by the pine tree
he's walking my dog anyways I gotta go
peace out